[Synthetics] Adjust private location docs to support base elastic-agent (#3831)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/synthetics/monitor-resources-on-private-networks.md

After setting up {{fleet}}, you’ll connect {{fleet}} to the {{stack}} or your Observability Serverless project and enroll an {{agent}} in {{fleet}}.

Elastic provides Docker images that you can use to run {{fleet}} and an {{agent}} more easily. For running browser monitors on {{private-location}}s, you *must* use one of the `elastic-agent-complete` Docker image variants, as it includes the required dependencies. The standard {{agent}} variant only supports TCP, ICMP and HTTP monitors.
::::{important}

> The `elastic-agent` Docker image variants are the only way to have all available options that you see in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `elastic-agent-complete` Docker image is the only way to have all available options that you see in the UI. You can use `elastic-agent` Docker image only in case you will only use lightweight monitors.
```

This is misleading to the eyes of a non-expert user.
